TODAY I LEARNED ABOUT RECURSION AND A LOT OF PROGRAMS LIKE:

        i)program to find sum of n natural numbers using recursion.
        ii)program to find factorial of a number using recursion .
        iii)program to find fibonacci series up to a given number using recursion .
        iv)recursive program for tower of hanoi problem(IMPORTANT PROBLEM MUST DO).
        v)program to find GCD using recursion.
        vi)program to find all permutations of a string.
        vii)program to generate all strings of n-bits of binary digits.
        viii)program to find sum of square of first natural numbers .
        ix)program to find sum of cubes of first natural numbers .
        x)program to find sum of first n-odd natural numbers .
        xi)program to find sum of first n-even natural numbers .
        xii)print binary of a decimal number using recursion .
        xiii)program to print n to 1 using recursion .
        xiv)program to print nth fibonacci number using recursion.
        xv)program to calculate sum of digits of a number using recursion,
        xvi)program to check a given string is palindrome or not using recursion .
        xvii)pattern printing problem using recursion :
              1) print the following pattern 1
                                             1 2
                                             1 2 3
                                             1 2 3 4 
                                             1 2 3 4 5
                                             1 2 3 4 5....n
                                       here n is entered by the user 
               2)print the folowing pattern  1 2 3 4 5 
                                             1 2 3 4 
                                             1 2 3 
                                             1 2 
                                             1
                                             1 2
                                             1 2 3 
                                             1 2 3 4 
                                             1 2 3 4 5 
                                             YOU HAVE TO PRINT THIS PATTERN ONLY AND YOU CAN ALSO MAKE IT ACCORDING TO USER ...BY CHANGING VALUES OF N....
                                             
                                             this is simple question you will do this easily if you want a hint check my code repo as well....
                                             
          
          
          AND THEN I LEARN ABOUT "TAIL RECURSION" its an efficient approch for solving problems ::-->in this the recursion our program takes less memory space in main memory..
          
          then i done two programs on this :
          
          1)factorial using tail recursion.
          2)and fibonacci using tail recursion. .
